Disable parts in interactive mode, and add http to displayed interactive url (#1003)
morganstanley/testplan: doc/newsfragments/2751_change.no_parts_in_interactive.rst

> Parts are disabled in interactive mode. This fixing a recent regression on this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parts are disabled in interactive mode to fix a recent regression on this.
```
